---
search: true
---

# Tickets

## About the interface

At first glance, you will see a list that will contain all the contents that are within the platform, generated by all users.

The list is sorted by content update date. In this case, it refers to the creation date or the last time the respective entry was saved.

The columns by which you can sort the list of entries are:

- **Status**: State in which you are in the process of publishing the content. In this case, the states are four: Draft, Published, Scheduled and Archived.
- **Name**: Name of the content.
- **Type**: Content Type (See [Types](/guides/content/types.html)).
- **Updated**: Date of the last saved update of the content.
- **Author**: Name of the author of the content.

In the administrator you can also filter the view according to several predetermined filters that you can adjust according to your need, regardless of how you order the list of your contents.

In this case, the filters are five:

- **Type**: Type of Content that has been created (See [Types](/guides/content/types.html))
- **Status**: State in which you are in the process of publishing the content. In this case, the states are four: Draft, Published, Scheduled and Archived.
- **Category**: Category to which the tickets are assigned.
- **Language**: Language in which the content is written.
- **Translation**: This filter is associated to the selected language and filters by the translation status of the entries for that language. Ex: This means that if an entry does not have a version in the selected language, it will fall into "Not translated".
- **Tags**: Tags available in the account. You can use the search bar inside the filter for tags in a simpler way.
- **Search bar**: Filter by the content of the title of the tickets.

## Create an Entry

To create an entry, you must click on the button in the upper right of the screen. Thus, before creating it, Modyo will ask for the type of entry you wish to create, to organize the format to be presented, which can be created in the [Types section](/guides/content/types.html).

When you click on Create, the entry will be created and you will be redirected to the edition of it where you can fill in the content you want, it will contain the structure defined in the type of content you selected.

::: tip Tip
To translate an already written entry into a different language, you just have to click on the current language and select the language in which you want to write it. Thus, you will arrive at a blank version of the entry, where you can press the **Copy from language** button to bring the content of another version of the entry and be able to translate it more easily.
:::

### Post an Entry

To publish an entry, Modyo assures you a gradual check process in order to certify that the content you are going to offer is correct.

At the end of the development of your post, at the top of the screen you will find the **Save** button, which will record all your content.

If you click on this, the button will undergo two changes. If you have Space Administrator permissions, you can publish automatically. If you don't have those permissions, you can't publish the resource, but another user with a role superior to you can do it.

However, if the Team Review option is found, it will go to the checking process by other users, where you can assign specific reviewers who can publish.

To learn more, you can see [Team Review.](/Guides/platform/team-review.html)


### Unpublish an entry

To unpublish an entry, you must access it and click on the Unpublish button at the top of the screen. With this, the resource will return to the Draft category and will not be in the Published category.

If you want to republish the entry, it will go through the Team Review process again, so if you make a change, it will be saved again and the user with a superior role must approve it to be published correctly.

### Categories

Categories are one of the most useful ways for Modyo to order your Tickets. In this case, every time a Category is used, a route is generated on the web that allows us to access the resource without having to go through other websites, in the event that it is publicly available.

To see the Categories, we need to click on the Categories section, which is located on the left side of the input interface. There, we can see all the categories that are already made.

#### Create a Category

If we want to create one, we just have to click on the green button at the top of the screen. Then, we can see a window that will ask us to enter the name of the Category, the Route and if it has a Parent Category.

::: tip Tip
When the category name is entered, the route will default to a slug. If we want to change it, just click on it.

If we change the route, remember to change all links to it, if they are on a website.
:::

::: warning Warning
If you want to delete a category, simply click on the icon at the end of its name. However, if there are entries assigned to that category, they will not be deleted but will not be assigned to any category. To reassign them some category, it is necessary to perform the assignment again.
:::

::: danger Danger
If the Parent Category is deleted, all subcategories assigned to it will also be deleted. And the entries associated with these categories will remain without an assigned category.
:::

### Slug

If you want to make a much friendlier link to any microservice you want to connect, you can write a simple slug that allows you to make work easier in the URL.

When you create an entry, the platform will randomly assign you a slug. However, to change it you just have to change the field in the properties window.

This value must be unique for entries of the same type. If two entries with the same slug are saved, this will be modified at the time of posting the entry.

## Private Content

If you want the content to be exclusive for users who have a session on the platform you must enable this option.

Depending on how you are consuming the content, you will need to perform some extra steps to access it. If you are using the public API, go to the section on [private content in the API](/guides/content/public-api-reference.html # private-content). If you are consuming the content through Liquid, it is enough for users to log in to the site in order to view private content.

### Targets

The targeted content is essential for any entity or company that wants to send specific information to a user group.

For this, it is possible to enable the content to be visible in the Entrance for a specific group that we choose. To do this, just check the option that the Content is private and then in which you want to enable targeting and then select which user target to which the entry will be directed.

To create a specific target, review the [Targets section](/guides/customers/targets.html).





