---
search: true
---

# FAQs

### How does Modyo Connect integrate with different business systems (CRMs, ERPs, Core Systems, etc)?
Modyo Connect is a managed cloud platform service. It does not itself provide integration against any external system, but does support the deployment of containers (microservices) which will be responsible for performing the integration. For the creation of certain common integration microservices, Modyo makes available to its Enterprise customers Java/Spring Boot code templates which can be used as a working base for development teams.

### Can my team work with Modyo Connect or is it only reserved for Modyo professionals?
Modyo Connect is a managed service completely independent of the development services provided by the Modyo Professional Services area. All customers who own the contracted Modyo Connect service will have direct access to development environments and may submit requests to incorporate or remove items in it.

### Where does the source code for Widgets and microservices developed for Modyo Connect lie?
Modyo Connect offers end-to-end DevOps management services, so secure and private custody of Widgets and microservices source code is included as part of the service through a Git repository to which developers enabled to use the service will have access. 

Due to the distributed nature of Git, customers will be able to use their own version control (based on Git) such as GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket or similar, as long as they place the Modyo Connect Git repository as an additional upstream to which the changes you want to pass to different environments are synchronized.

### Can I incorporate my own DevOps tools into Modyo Connect?
Modyo Connect because it is a managed service does not support the incorporation of modifications to the predefined flows by the Modyo SRE team, so it is not possible to incorporate its own tools.

### Can I audit the operation of my services under Modyo Connect?
Modyo Enterprise Cloud and Modyo Connect support auditing in your operation directly from Amazon AWS. By granting a read-only IAM user, you will be able to access the settings and logs of everything related to the service.

### Are services offered only from Amazon AWS?
Modyo Cloud, Modyo Enterprise Cloud and Modyo Connect are managed services that are offered with guaranteed levels of availability, service and support. Modyo has chosen to deliver its services exclusively from the Amazon Web Services cloud because of its excellent performance and security levels. 


### What if I want to deploy Modyo Enterprise on my own AWS?
In the event that a customer wants to use their own Amazon AWS account, the Modyo Enterprise On Premise license has an add-on infrastructure support service which can be used to make configurations similar to those described in this document. The fundamental difference is that under this modality the costs generated by enabling the services described will be billed directly into the customer's account.
