---
search: false
---

# Modyo Agreement

To be eligible to register for a Modyo account and use the Modyo Software, you must review and accept the terms of this Agreement (the "Modyo Agreement") by clicking on the "Signup" button or downloading Modyo Software if granted access. PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS CAREFULLY. POR FAVOR, REVISE ESTOS TÉRMINOS CUIDADOSAMENTE. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS TO USE THE MODYO SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS WITH MODYO B.V. ("Modyo").V. ("Modyo"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, YOU SHOULD NOT CLICK THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON OR YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE MODYO SOFTWARE.

In this Agreement, "you," "your" and "Licensee" will refer to you. If you are registering for a Modyo account or using the Modyo Software on behalf of an entity or other organization, you are agreeing to these Terms for that entity or organization and representing to Modyo that you have the authority to bind that entity or organization to these Terms (and, in which case, the terms "you", "your" and "Licensee" will refer to that entity or organization). The exception to this is if that organization has a separate agreement with Modyo covering one or more accounts and use of the Modyo Software, in which case that agreement will govern the Modyo Software with respect to those accounts only.

This Modyo Agreement is entered into as of your first access to ANY Modyo Software (the "Effective Date") by and between Modyo B.V. ("Modyo"), a corporation organized under the laws of The Netherlands with offices at WTC Amsterdam, Tower C-11, Strawinskylaan 1143, Netherlands (hereinafter referred to as "Licensor") and YOU, (hereinafter referred to as "Licensee" or "Client").V. ("Modyo"), una corporación organizada bajo las leyes de los Países Bajos con oficinas en WTC Amsterdam, Torre C-11, Strawinskylaan 1143, Países Bajos (en lo sucesivo denominado "Licenciante") y USTED, (en lo sucesivo denominado "Licenciatario" o "Cliente"). Licensor and Licensee shall each be referred to herein as a "Party" and together as the "Parties."

WHEREAS Licensor and its Related Companies have developed certain technologies of which they own and the Licensor wishes to grant Licensee certain rights to use such technologies and to provide associated maintenance, support and/or professional services in connection with them; and

WHEREAS Licensee wishes to obtain such rights and receive such services, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein;

THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements contained herein and with the intention to be legally bound, the Parties hereby agree to the following terms and conditions:

### 1.  Definitions

"Related Enterprises" for the purposes of this contract means any entity that controls, is controlled by or under common control with a Party, where control means the power to direct a Party's administration and policies, whether through a voting property relationship, contract or otherwise.

“Associated Services” means Support and Maintenance Services and Professional Services.

“Confidential Information” means any information or data that is not of a public nature or is essentially proprietary and which is disclosed by a Party (or its Representatives) to the other Party (or its Representatives) in the course of the performance of this Agreement, either orally, in writing, electronically or in any other form or medium, and which is identified or labeled as confidential or owned by the disclosing Party or reasonably considered confidential or proprietary information of the disclosing Party based on the nature of the information or the circumstances of disclosure, including, but not limited to: (a) information from a Party (or its Related Companies) on finance, investment, business, customers, investors, products, services, organizational structure, procedures, sales, projections, marketing, pricing, costs, debts and other matters related to their business; and (b) software, systems, designs, specifications, documentation, code, images, components, protocols, processes, inventions, ideas, methods, discoveries, trade secrets, know-how, intellectual property and other technologies. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensor's Software, Materials, and Licensor Documentation shall be considered Licensor's Confidential Information, and Licensee's Materials shall be considered Licensee's Confidential Information.

"Documentation" means any applicable specification to the Licensor Software, along with the installation, usage and operation guides and manuals, technical and functional specifications, release notes and any material provided by Licensor describing the installation, operation, use or functionality of the Licensor. Licensor's Software, whether printed, electronic or in any other form or medium.

"Fee" means the price set on an Order.

"Law" means any declaration, decree, order, ordinance, regulation, rule or other binding restriction issued by any Government Authority.

"Licensee Materials" means any data, information, material, knowledge and methods owned by Licensee, its Related Companies and/or Users and are transmitted to Licensor or generated by Licensor in connection with the receipt, access or use of the Licensor's Software or its Services Associates, including without limitation your trademarks and logos, documents, databases, reports, spreadsheets, contacts and communications.

"Licensor Materials" means any data, information, material, knowledge and methods that are owned by Licensor and its Related Companies and are transmitted to Licensor or generated by Licensor in connection with the provision of the Licensor's Software and/or its Associated Services, including without limitation, your trademarks and logos, documents, databases, reports, spreadsheets, contacts, domain names, report templates, benchmarks, analytics data, metrics, data sources, libraries and model examples.

"Licensor Software" means any software identified as Licensor Software in an Order of Order (including, but not limited to, updates thereto).

“Major Versions” means new versions, modifications or enhancements to the Software that are generally released on a commercial level, designated by a change in the number to the left of the first decimal in the version number (e.g. Modyo X.2, i.e.Major.Minor format).

“Minor Versions” means code fixes, patches, updates, and minor versions of the Software that are generally released on a commercial level, designated by a change in the number to the right of the first decimal in the version number (e.g. Modyo 8.X, i.e. in the Major.Minor format).Menor).

"Notice" means any notice or notice with a legal effect that is sent in accordance with the procedures set out in Section 14.9.

“Open Source Components” means any open source software identified as such in an Order Order that is subject to a GNU General Public License (“GNU General Public License”) or other license that conforms to the definition established by the Open Source Initiative.

"Order Order" means any form that specifically refers to this Agreement that sets forth the Licensor Software and Associated Services that Licensor must provide to Licensee and the Fees payable by Licensor for such Licensor Software and Associated Services, together with any other additional terms and conditions applicable to the provision of such Software from Licensor and Associated Services.

"Professional Services" means any professional service or other services described in an Order Order or Work Order that the Licensor must provide in accordance with a separate professional services contract concluded by the Parties.

"Representatives" means the employees, executives, directors, partners, owners, shareholders, agents, lawyers, accountants and strategic advisors of a Party (and its Related Companies).

"Addendum" means any Addendum that specifically refers to this Agreement that sets out additional terms and conditions for any Licensor Software and/or Associated Services such as Support and Maintenance and Professional Services that Licensor must provide to Licensee.

“Support and Maintenance” means any software support and maintenance service identified in an Order Order or in an Attachment.

"Deadline" means the deadline set in an Order Order.

“Territory” means the geographical area specified in the Order.

“Third-Party Software” means any third-party software identified as such in an Order Order, including without limitation plug-ins, add-ons, application programming interfaces, utilities or scripts that Licensor may provide to Licensee under present contract.

“Updates” or “Updates” means any updates and new versions of the Licensor Software released by Licensor from time to time that may contain improvements, bug fixes or other modifications to the Licensor Software.

"User" means any person (whether on behalf of Licensee, its Related Companies, partners, customers, investors, prospective investors or others) who is authorized by Licensee to access and/or use the Licensor Software under this agreement.

### 2. Licensing; Restrictions

2.1 Licence Granting. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor grants Licensor a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable sublicense to use the Licensor Software for the defined Term in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable Order.

2.2 Compliance with Use. Licensee shall ensure that all installation, access and use of the Licensor Software by Licensee and Users complies with this Agreement and associated Documentation, including, but not limited to, technical requirements specifying the minimum criteria for systems necessary to install, access and use the Licensor Software.

2.3  Restricciones de Uso: 2.3 Use Restrictions: Licensee may not and will not allow any of its Users or any other third party to (including without limitation its partners, contractors and Related Companies):

2.3.1 modify, translate, improve or create any derivative work from the Licensor Software as defined in the Documentation and the code provided to Licensee (the "Licensor's Major Software") or any part thereof;

2.3.2 disassemble, decompile, adapt, reverse engineer or attempt to derive the source code of the Licensor Software or any part thereof; 2.3.3 transfer, sell, lease, assign, distribute, sublicense or otherwise transmit the Licensor Software or any part thereof;

2.3.4 copy the Licensor Software or any part thereof, except that Licensor is authorized in writing by Licensor to maintain copies of Licensor's Software only to the extent necessary for backup and disaster recovery purposes;

2.3.5 provide access to Licensor Software or any part thereof as a service company, application service, hosting provider, sharing services or other remote online or computational service agreements; or

2.3.6 use the Licensor Software in any way or for any purpose other than as expressly permitted by this Agreement.

2.4 Licensor Software Functionality: Licensee may use the Licensor Software to extend functionality, create applications, and tools that are integrated into the primary software. Any functionality that Licensor creates at Licensor's cost shall form part of the Licensor's Software and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Licensor.

2.5 Copyright Notice. Each and every copy of the Licensor Software must include the copyright and other intellectual property notices contained in the original copy provided by Licensor.

2.6 Export. Licensee acknowledges that Licensor's Software may be subject to export control laws, rules and regulations and, therefore, Licensee may not, or permit any third party, to export or re-export the Licensor Software to a country or other jurisdiction in contravention of any such laws, rules or export control regulations.

2.7 Third Party Software. During the Term of the Agreement, Licensee shall be authorized to use the Third Party Software solely in connection with the use of the Licensor Software under the terms of this Agreement. Licensee acknowledges that in order to install, access or use Third Party Software, you may be required to accept or sign separately terms and conditions from the applicable third party licensors. In addition, Licensee acknowledges that Licensor shall not be liable in any way with respect to the Third Party Software.

2.8 Open source software. Licensee acknowledges that parts of the Third Party Software may consist of open source components and, accordingly, their use shall be governed by the terms and conditions of the applicable open source license; provided that, unless otherwise provided in an Order of Order, Licensee's use of such Open Source Components incorporated into Licensor's Software does not impose any obligation on Licensee that Licensee's Materials or Licensee's Software be (a) disclosed or distributed as source code, (b) licensed to perform derivative work, (c) be redistributed free of charge, or (d) licensed in terms that permit the reverse engineering of such software.

### 3. Delivery and Installation

3.1 Initial Delivery of Licensor Software. Immediately after the Effective Start Date, Licensor shall deliver or make available (for example, by accessing a private cloud on AWS Amazon Web Services or other hosting provider) Licensor Software for configuration and start-up of use.

3.2 Installation. Licensor will install the Licensor Software configuration in accordance with the Order Order for Licensee's use within the Territory, on servers in a private cloud delivered by cloud hosting providers (e.g. AWS Amazon Web Services or IBM Bluemix or Microsoft Azure), or on servers managed by Licensor or by a hosting provider, provided that such hosting provider is not a competitor of Licensor and is also subject to confidentiality obligations no less restrictive than those set forth in this Agreement.

### 4. Support and Maintenance

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor shall provide Licensor with the Support and Maintenance in accordance with the terms defined in an Order or in an Attachment attached to this Agreement or in a separate Support and Maintenance Service Agreement signed with Licensee or a Related Company or third company authorized by the Licensee. For the avoidance of doubt, Support and Maintenance does not include the development of improvements, scope, analysis, training or any other consulting services that must be contracted separately as Professional Services.

### 5. Intellectual Property

5.1 Intellectual Property of the Licensor. Licensor and its Related Companies are and shall remain the sole and exclusive owners of all rights, titles and interests in relation to the Licensor Software, Licensor Materials, and Documentation.

5.2 Intellectual Property of the Licensee.  Licensee, its Related Companies and/or Users are and shall be the sole and exclusive owners of all rights, titles and interests in relation to Licensee Materials and extensions of functionality that are not part of the Licensor Software and which were independently developed by Licensee or its Related Companies or by a Licensee's supplier.

5.3 Materials.  Licensor hereby grants Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Licensor Materials and Documentation solely to support Licensor's authorized use of the Licensor Software. In addition, Licensee hereby grants Licensor a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use Licensee's Materials solely in support of the provision of Licensor's Software.

5.4 Rights Reserved.  Except for the limited rights expressly set forth herein, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting to the other Party or a third party any rights in the intellectual property of a Party, either implicitly, by exclusion or otherwise.

### 6. Use of Licensee and Users

6.1 User Permission. Licensee shall be responsible for authorizing its Users to access and use the Licensor Software, assigning each User a unique username/password (and disabling it where appropriate) using the administrative tools within the Licensor Software. Licensee shall make all commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the confidentiality of its Users' login/password information and notify Licensor as soon as possible if he becomes aware of any unauthorized access or use of the Licensor Software under a User's login/password or in some other way.

6.2 User Responsibility. Licensee shall restrict access to and use of the Licensor Software only to Users and require all Users to comply with the provisions relating to access and use of the Licensor Software set forth in this Agreement. To the greatest degree, Licensee agrees that it will be fully responsible for all activities performed by any User in relation to the Licensor Software, regardless of whether such User is authorized to perform such activities.

6.3 Licensee Information. Licensee acknowledges that Licensor may collect, store, process and use information and data about Licensee and its Users use of the Licensor Software (including, without limitation, compilation of such information and data with its other customers, business partners and other companies) solely for the purpose of: (a) comply with your obligations under this Agreement; and (b) improve Licensor Software and Associated Services (including but not limited to developing new features, functionalities and products, conducting market research and industry trends, and distributing benchmarks, algorithms and models), subject to such information does not include Licensee's Confidential Information and that Licensor will not disclose such information or data (except to Licensee or its Users) unless it is in an anonymous and aggregated format, where the individual sources thereof cannot be identified or attributed in any way.

6.4 Audit Rights.  Licensee shall maintain complete and accurate records documenting Licensee's use of the Licensor Software and shall provide them to Licensor at Licensor's written request. Licensor shall have the right to audit Licensee's systems to the extent reasonably necessary to verify Licensee's compliance with its use of the Licensor Software, provided that Licensor: (a) beeps the costs of such audit; (b) provide notice with at least thirty (30) days of anticipation of such audit; (c) conduct such audit only during business hours; and (d) limit the frequency of such audits to a maximum of once a year.

### 7. Term and Term of Contract

7.1 Term.  This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Start Date and, unless terminated early in accordance with Section 7.3 or at other time as expressly permitted in this Agreement, shall remain in effect for the Term specified in the Order ("Initial Term"). Any Initial Term will automatically renew for successive renewal periods ("Renewal Term") as specified in the Order, unless either Party notifies the other party of its intention not to renew it at least sixty (60) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or Renewal Term in effect at that time (as applicable).

7.2 Perpetual License. If, upon expiry of the Initial Term or Renewal Term as the case may be, Licensee chooses not to renew this Agreement, Licensee shall be entitled to purchase a right and license to use the Licensor's Software in perpetuity after the expiration date, subject to payment by Licensee of the amounts specified in the Order of Order, or the amounts negotiated and mutually agreed upon if not specified, the payment of which is required to have the right and leave in perpetuity. In the event that the amount is specified in the Order of Order, if the Licensee chooses to purchase a right and license in perpetuity, Licensee shall notify Licensor in writing of that option before the expiration date. In addition, such right and license in perpetuity shall be subject to the following restrictions, Licensee may not: (a) share or enable access to the Licensor Software or any part thereof with any company competing with Licensor or that offers software or products that provide the same or substantially similar functionality that the Licensor Software, (b) use the Licensor Software for purposes other than internal and proper to Licensee's business or transfer, sell, rent, assign, distribute, lease, sublicense or otherwise deliver the Licensor Software or any part thereof, except as part of a transfer or sale of all, or substantially all, Licensee's business; provided that such transfer or sale is not to a Licensor's competitor; and (c) provide access to Licensor's Software or any portion thereof as a service provider, application service provider or hosting or as sharing or other remote computing service agreements. The terms set forth in this Section 7.2 shall be deemed Licensor's Confidential Information, and Licensee shall keep the terms of this Section 7.2 under confidentiality for the Term of this Agreement and for a period of ten (10) years from its term. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall not be entitled to purchase a lifetime license under this Section 7.2 if Licensor terminates this Agreement for justified cause.


7.3 Term for Justified Cause.  Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time with immediate effect by a Notice to the other Party in the event that the Party: (a) materially breaches any obligation in this Agreement that remains unremedied after thirty (30) days from the Receipt of Notice detailing such breach, or ( (b) has filed a request for voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or seeks a similar insolvency solution, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, has a designated recipient or liquidator for all or a substantial part of its business or assets, or otherwise, admits in writing its inability to fulfill the debts as they expire.

7.4 Effect of Termination. Immediately upon expiry or termination of this Agreement: (a) any and all licenses granted and services provided by Licensor under this Agreement shall terminate; (b) Licensor shall cease any subsequent use of the Licensor Software and Licensor Materials; (c) Licensor shall cease all use Subsequent to Licensee's Materials; and (d) at the written request of the other Party, each Party shall return or destroy the other Party's Confidential Information, except for any copy it must retain in accordance with applicable law, rule or regulation. The expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason shall not relieve either Party of any debt or liability to the other Party that has accrued under this Agreement prior to such term or expiration. Additionally, (i) Licensee shall remain responsible for the payment of the Fee for the remainder of the current Initial Term or Renewal Term (as applicable) as a result of the term by the Licensor pursuant to Section 7.2 or 7.3 above, and (ii) Licensor shall immediately refund Licensee prorated of the Fee paid in advance by Licensee for the remainder of the Term as a result of any term by Licensee pursuant to Section 7.3 above. Only for the purpose of supplementing the foregoing, the Term of any Licensor Software expressly granted in perpetuity under this Agreement shall be amortized within five years in a straight line.

7.5 Survival. The rights and obligations set forth in Sections 5, 7.4, 9, 10.6, 11, 12, 14 and this point 7.5 shall remain in effect after the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

### 8. Fee, Billing and Expenses

8.1 Fee. In consideration of the Licensor Software and Associated Services provided by Licensor under this Agreement, Licensor shall pay the Licensor the Fee set out in an Order of Order.

8.2 Taxes. The Fees exclude, and Licensee shall be responsible for, all sales, use, withholding taxes and other similar taxes, duties and charges of any kind imposed by any government, federal, state or local entity in connection with the Licensor Software and the Services Associates, provided by Licensee under this Agreement (excluding taxes based solely on Licensee's profits). If Licensee withholds or deducts any amount of the Fee payment derived from these taxes, the Fee paid will automatically be increased by the same amount withheld. Alternatively, Licensee may provide Licensor with a tax exemption certificate, without prejudice to this, if such certificate is contested or declared invalid by a tax authority, the Licensee agrees to pay the taxes owed and all resulting fines, penalties and expenses (including, without limitation, fees and legal costs).

8.3 Expenditures. Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for any travel, administrative expenses or representation expenses incurred by Licensor in connection with the provision of the Support and Maintenance service to Licensee under this Agreement, provided that Licensee has agreed to pay such expenses in accordance with Applicable Order and have approved such expenses in writing in advance (including, but not limited to, email approval).

8.4 Billing. All invoices will be sent to Licensee at the address listed on the Order Order (which will be updated promptly through a Notification) according to the billing scheme set out in the Order Order. Invoices have a payment period of thirty (30) days from the billing date. Licensee may withhold payment of the portion of the Fee subject to a dispute in good faith, provided that you provide a Notice to Licensor within thirty (30) days after receipt of the relevant invoice with the details of such dispute and also pay all indisputable portions of the Fee prior to the expiration date. In the event that the payment of the undisputed portion of the Fee is more than thirty (30) days of expiration, Licensor may suspend the provision of the Licensor Software and/or Associated Services, without refund of Fee or waiver any other rights, until such time the payment is made, and must submit a Notification of such suspension and the opportunity to pay at least fifteen (15) days before the suspension.

8.5 Late payment. Licensor reserves the right to apply a default fee of one percent (1%) per month or the maximum interest rate permitted by law (whichever is lower) on the Fee due for each month of late payment, provided that such Fee is not the subject of a dispute pursuant to Section 8.4 above.


### 9. Confidentiality

9.3 Mandatory Disclosure. Each Party may disclose the Confidential Information of the other Party to comply with any applicable law or regulation or any order issued by a court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, provided that: (a) first notifies the other Party so that the other Party may request an order of protection or other remedy with with respect to the processing of such Confidential Information; and (b) limit disclosure only to that portion of Confidential Information that is strictly necessary to comply with such law, regulation or order.

9.2 Exceptions. The obligations set forth in Section 9.1 above shall not apply to any Confidential Information that: (a) is or is available without any liability of the receiving Party or its Representatives; (b) is known to the receiving Party or is in its possession before being disclosed by the disclosing Party; (c) is developed independently by the receiving Party without access or reference to the other Party's Confidential Information; or (d) is or made available to the receiving Party in a non-confidential manner through a third party that is not subject to any restriction of confidentiality.

9.3 Divulgación Obligatoria. Cada Parte podrá divulgar la Información Confidencial de la otra Parte para cumplir con cualquier ley o reglamento aplicable o cualquier orden emitida por un tribunal o agencia gubernamental de jurisdicción competente, siempre que: (a) notifique primero a la otra Parte para que la otra Parte pueda solicitar una orden de protección u otro recurso con respecto al tratamiento de dicha Información Confidencial; y (b) limite la divulgación sólo a aquella parte de la Información Confidencial que sea estrictamente necesaria para cumplir con dicha ley, reglamento u orden.

9.4 Equitable Compensation. Each party acknowledges that financial relief may not be the most appropriate measure in the face of a current breach or threat of breach of this Section 9 and that, in such event, the other party shall have the right to seek redress or other fair compensation measure, in addition to any other remedial action available in law or justice.

### 10. Declarations and Warranties; Exemptions

10.1 Authority. Each Party declares to the other Party that: (a) is a duly organized and validly existing legal entity under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is registered or in which its main office is located, as the case may be; (b) has all the powers and powers necessary to enter into this Agreement and fulfil its obligations ; and (c) when executed and delivered by such Party, this Agreement shall constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party which shall be enforceable in accordance with the terms of that Party.

10.5 Licensee's Warranties. Licensee represents and warrants that during the term of this Agreement: (a) shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the receipt, access and use of the Licensor Software and Licensor's Associated Services under this Agreement; and (b) according to your loyal knowledge and understanding, Licensee's Materials do not infringe, malverse or otherwise violate the property rights of a third party.

10.3 Licensor Software Limited Warranty. Additionally, Licensor warrants to Licensee that with the initial delivery of the Licensor Software to Licensee: (a) the Licensor's Software will substantially conform in all material respects to the specifications set out in the applicable Documentation; (b) the means in which the Software is supplied Licensor shall be free from defects that prevent proper installation of the Licensor's Software; and (c) Licensor's Software shall be free of viruses, worms or other malicious code designed to disable or interfere with the installation or use of the Licensor Software by Licensor or its Users as provided in this Agreement. In the event of breach of the above warranty, Licensor shall again and as soon as possible deliver the Licensor's Software at no additional cost to Licensee, provided that: (i) Licensor has notified Licensor immediately after becoming aware of such breach, and (ii) such new delivery, in agreement with the above warranty, shall be the sole and exclusive responsibility of the Licensee for breach of the preceding warranty.

10.4 Nullity of Limited Warranty. The limited warranty provided in Section 10.3 above shall not apply to: (a) damages to the Licensor Software, or alterations or modifications to the Licensor Software when not performed or authorized by Licensor; (b) the combination of Licensor's Software with software, hardware or other technology that was not supplied or authorized by Licensor; or (c) the installation or use of Licensor's Software by Licensor in an unauthorized manner or beyond the scope of this Agreement.

10.2 Licensor's Warranties. Licensor represents and warrants that during the Term of this Agreement: (a) shall comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations with regard to the provision of Licensor Software and Licensee Associated Services under this Agreement; and (b) according to your loyal knowledge and understanding, the Software Licensor's Materials and Licensor's Materials do not infringe, malverse or otherwise violate any third party's proprietary rights (subject to Licensee's sole and exclusive liability with respect to a breach of this Sub-Clause 10.2 (b) shall be limited to Clauses 7.3 above and 12.1 following).

10.6 Disclaimer.  EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE LICENSOR PROVIDES THE LICENSOR'S SOFTWARE AND ASSOCIATED SERVICES "UNDER THE TERMS THEY ARE". LICENSEE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, ORAL OR WRITTEN, OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY LICENSOR SOFTWARE AND ASSOCIATED SERVICES PROVIDED TO LICENSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND GUARANTEES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF NEGOTIATION, USE OR TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, THE LICENSOR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY LICENSOR'S SOFTWARE OR ASSOCIATED SERVICES WILL COMPLY WITH THE LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE RECEIPT, USE OR OPERATION THEREOF SHALL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE

### 11. Limitation of Liability

11.1 Exclusions of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL NEITHER PARTY OR ANY OF ITS RELATED COMPANIES, REPRESENTATIVES, LICENSEES, SUPPLIERS OR USERS BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE LOSSES OR DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS, INCOME, PROPERTY OR SAVINGS, LOSS OR INABILITY TO USE, DELAY, INACTIVITY OR INTERRUPTION IN BUSINESS, OR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA), WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO A BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE WAS FORESEEABLE OR EVEN IF THAT PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE.

11.2 MAXIMUM LIABILITY TOTAL LIABILITY TO BOTH LICENSOR AND LICENSEE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, AND THE CAUSES OF WHICH ARE ATTRIBUTABLE RESPECTIVELY TO LICENSOR/ OR LICENSEE, SHALL BE LIMITED TO FIFTY PERCENT (50%) OF THE ANNUAL FEE OF THE LICENSE PAID BY LICENSEE. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL COURSES OF ACTION INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BREACH OF CONTRACT OR WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, FINES, MISCONDUCT AND OTHER COMPLAINTS. THE FEE FOR THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THE LICENSOR ARE AGREED IN CONSIDERATION OF THESE RISKS AND CONTINGENCIES, THEREFORE THE LICENSEE RELEASES THE LICENSOR OF ALL OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES AND CLAIMS IN EXCESS OF THE LIMITATION IMPOSED IN THIS CLAUSE AND THE PROVISIONS OF WHICH SHALL CONTINUE IN FORCE AFTER THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. ADDITIONALLY, A LAWSUIT MUST BE FILED WITHIN THE STATUTORY LIMITATION PERIOD ESTABLISHED IN COLOMBIA.

11.3 Exceptions. The exclusions and limitations set forth in Sections 11.1 and 11.2 shall not apply to: (a) any act or omission by a Party that constitutes fraud, gross negligence or deliberate misconduct; (b) each Party's respective obligation of compensation set out in Sections 10.1 and 10.4 below; or (c) personal injury or death.

11.4 Risk Allocation. Each Party understands and agrees that the corrective measures provided in this Agreement are exclusive and that its agreement to the exclusions and limitations of liability set forth in this Agreement are essential to negotiate between the Parties, without which the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, the economic terms, would be substantially different.

### 12. Compensation

12.2 Exceptions to Licensor's Compensation. The indemnity obligations set out in Section 12.1 above shall not apply to any claim arising out of or relating to: (a) damages to the Licensor Software, alteration or modification of the Licensor Software that has not been made or authorized by Licensor; (b) combination by Licensor's Licensor's Software with software, hardware or other technology that has not been provided or authorized by Licensor; (c) use of Licensor's Software in an unauthorized manner or beyond the scope of this Agreement; (d) use of an outdated version of Licensor's Software that is no longer supported by Licensor; provided Licensor has provided all Updates applicable to Licensee; or (e) instructions or other materials provided by Licensee (including, but not limited to, Licensee Materials) to configure Licensor's Software specifically for use by Licensee.

12.2  Excepciones a la Indemnización del Licenciante. 12.1 Licensor's Compensation Licensor shall defend (at his sole expense), indemnify, and exempt Licensee and Licensee's Representatives from and against damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of third party claims in connection with: (a) an allegation that either Licensor's Software or Licensor's Materials infringe or misappropriate any such third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right that is enforceable in the Territory; or (b) a violation by Licensor of any applicable law, regulation or regulation relating to provision of Licensor Software or Associated Services.

12.3 Right to Mitigation. Should the Licensor Software or any part thereof become, or in the Licensor's opinion, subject to a claim of infringement or misappropriation, Licensor may, at its sole discretion and cost, perform any of the following actions: (a) obtain the right for Licensor to continue to use the Affected Licensor Software; (b) modify the Affected Licensor Software in a manner that is no longer subject to possible infringements or misappropriations as long as it remains functionally equivalent; or (c) if the actions in the above Sub-Sections (a) and (b) are not feasible or economically feasible, then immediately terminate the provision of the Affected Licensor Software and promptly refund the prorated portion of the Fee paid in advance by Licensee for the remainder of the Term. For the purposes of the foregoing only, the Term of any Licensor Software expressly granted in perpetuity under this Agreement shall be amortized within five years in a straight line.


12.4 Compensation Procedures. A Party seeking compensation under this clause shall: (a) promptly notify the Party that it is obliged to compensate for the third party's claim (failure to do so does not exempt the Party that is obliged to compensate from its obligations under this Section, except to the extent that it is adversely affected by it); (b) to cooperate reasonably in the defence of such claim at the sole expense of the Party that is to indemnify; and (c) provide the Party that is to indemnify exclusive control of the defence of such claim and all related liquidation negotiations, provided that the Party to indemnify does not reach any agreement on such claim claim that blame or failure to or adversely affect the rights of the Party seeking compensation, without the prior written consent of the Party seeking compensation (which may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

### 13. Changes to Licensor Software

For new versions of the Licensor Software Licensor reserves the right to alter the features, specifications, capabilities, features, license terms, release dates, general availability or other features of the Licensor Software. Licensor shall responsibly assist Licensee in the transition, in order not to cause interruptions to the services covered by this Agreement.

### 14. General

14.1 Assignment. Neither Party may assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations set forth in this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. Such consent may not be withheld or unreasonably delayed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party shall have the right to transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement to a Related Company, acquirer or successor entity as a result of a restructuring, merger or sale of all or a substantial part of its business or assets.

14.2 Waiver or Modification. A waiver, alteration or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall be effective only if it is made in writing and signed by a duly authorized Representative of the Party against whom the waiver or modification must be invoked. The failure or delay by either Party to enforce any provision of this Agreement or any right or remedy contained therein shall not constitute a waiver of future application of such or any other provision, right or remedy.

14.3 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, the Parties agree that such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and that they shall undertake to negotiate in good faith a valid alternative provision that is more closely closer to the intentions and economic effect of the provision invalid.

 14.4 No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties, their respective successors and permitted assignees, and nothing in this Agreement shall grant any beneficiary or other benefit or recourse to any customer, shareholder or business partner of the Parties or any other third party.

14.5. Relationship of the Parties. Licensor and Licensee acknowledge that the relationship between them is considered at all times as independent contractors. Neither Party shall have the power to enter into any contract on behalf of the other Party or to bind the other Party.


14.6 Related Companies. Licensee acknowledges that portions of Licensor Software and Associated Services may be provided by Licensor Related Companies. In such cases, Licensor shall ensure that such Related Companies comply with the obligations set forth in this Agreement and shall be liable for any breach of it by such Related Companies.

14.7 Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including the Order Orders and Attached Annexes, shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and shall supersede all prior proposals, negotiations and other communications between the Parties, whether oral, written, electronic or otherwise. This Agreement may only be amended, amended or supplemented by a written agreement signed by duly authorized representatives of both Parties. Under no circumstances shall the terms contained in any Order Order, invoice or other similar document serve to modify or supplement the provisions of this Agreement. El orden de precedencia en el caso de cualquier conflicto que involucre los términos y condiciones en este Contrato será como sigue: The order of precedence in the event of any conflict involving the terms and conditions in this Agreement shall be as follows: Order Order, Modyo Licensing Agreement, and Attachments; provided the terms of any Order Order apply only with respect to Licensor Software and Associated Services provided in accordance with that Order.

14.8 Force majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for failure or delay in the performance of any of its obligations under this Agreement where such failure or delay is due to war, disturbance, strike, civil disturbance, rebellion, invasion, terrorist attack, embargo, national or local emergency, natural disasters, acts of force major, flooding, fire, malfunction of equipment or facilities, failure of the other Party or a third party to comply with a prerequisite to fulfil such obligation or any other cause beyond reasonable control. A Party which is unable to fulfil its obligations in the event of force majeure shall make diligent efforts to restore its compliance as soon as reasonably possible.


14.9 Notifications. A notice or notice relating to this Agreement must be in writing and sent by one Party to the other Party to the recipient's data indicated in the applicable Order by one of the following methods: (a) personal delivery with written confirmation of receipt, (b) certified mail with prepaid postage and tracking enabled, (c) internationally recognized private courier service or express mail, or (d) email with confirmation of receipt and followed by one of the above methods. The Notice shall be deemed effective on the date of receipt if delivered personally or by e-mail, or two (2) days after delivery by registered mail or express mail. Each Party may update the addressee's data by Notification to the other Party as set out in this Section 13.9.

14.10 Advertising. Neither Party shall use or publicly display the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of the other Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, with the exception of: (a) joint press releases mutually agreed by the Parties regarding their relationship to this Agreement; or (b) identification of the other Party's name and/or logo of the other Party on the list of customers or suppliers (as applicable) used in commercial presentations or websites or in non-confidential news shared as part of daily communications with customers.

14.11 Applicable law. This Agreement and the rights, obligations and relations of the Parties hereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the country of Colombia. The Parties agree that the UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement.

14.12 Dispute Settlement. The Parties undertake to make their best efforts to resolve any dispute that may arise under the Contract through negotiations in good faith. Neither Party shall commence arbitration or litigation under this Agreement unless it has first invited an authorized representative of the other Party to meet for the purpose of settling the dispute on terms acceptable to both Parties. Therefore, the Parties express and agree that all discrepancies or conflicts arising under this Agreement shall be settled by the application of the following mechanism: (i) The direct arrangement between the Parties shall be followed, a period which shall last thirty (30) calendar days from the date of the communication addressed to it one Party to the other Party reporting the occurrence of a conflict. (ii) Vencidos los treinta (30) días calendario, se acudirá a una conciliación extrajudicial ante el Centro de Arbitraje y Conciliación de la Cámara de Comercio de Bogotá; si no se llegara a un acuerdo extrajudicial, se acudirá a un tribunal de arbitramento que se regirá en un todo por lo previsto por el reglamento del Centro de Arbitraje y Conciliación de la Cámara de Comercio de Bogotá (especialmente en lo relativo a los honorarios de los árbitros). The tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator who shall be entitled counsel, to be appointed by common agreement between the Parties and in the absence thereof (which shall be presumed if ten (10) calendar days after the written decision to convene the arbitral tribunal has not been reached) shall be appointed by the Arbitration Centre and Conciliation of the Chamber of Commerce of Bogotá, the court will sit in the city of Bogotá D.C., the language will be Spanish and the applicable law shall be Colombian law.C., el idioma será el Castellano y la ley aplicable será la ley colombiana. El tribunal fallará en derecho y se regirá por lo dispuesto en la Ley 1563 de 2012 o en las normas vigentes en la fecha en que alguna de las partes lo solicite. 14.13  Seguridad Informática: Las Partes se comprometen a cumplir con las medidas y requerimientos mínimos de seguridad y calidad de la información a que se refiere el Capítulo I, Título II, Parte I de la Circular Básica Jurídica expedida por la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia (Circular Externa No. 029 de 2014) y el Capítulo V del Título IV de la Parte I de dicha Circular, así como las demás normas que la modifiquen, adicionen, complementen y/o deroguen, de conformidad con lo descrito en el Anexo B, el cual hace parte integrante del presente Contrato, asumiendo así mismo la obligación de cumplir los procedimientos establecidos en el mismo y las políticas internas de el Cliente referentes a la Seguridad y Calidad de la Información, Ciberseguridad y Computación en la nube incorporadas en dicho Anexo B.

Similarly, each Party acknowledges the right of the other Party to audit compliance with the obligations of personal data protection, information security, cybersecurity and all obligations defined in this Agreement. In this regard, each Party authorizes the entry and/or access of officials and/or third parties designated for this purpose to their facilities and infrastructure, as well as access to the information required to verify controls and compliance with measures for the protection of personal data, information security and cybersecurity.

14.14 Headings. The headings in the sections of this Agreement are included solely for convenience and shall not affect the interpretation of the provisions of this Agreement.

14.15 Copies. This Agreement may be concluded in two or more copies, each of which shall be considered original and all of which together constitute one and the same Agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered electronically shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as the delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement.

14.16 Interpretation. Notwithstanding any translation of this Agreement, the Spanish version of this Agreement shall be the only document used to interpret the Parties' rights, obligations and responsibilities under this Agreement.